README.md, before:

# Carriage

#### Contents

- [Carriage](#carriage) - [Contents](#contents)
  - [About](#about)
  - [Contributors:](#contributors)

## Docs

Carriage documentation is located at our [Notion](https://dti-carriage.notion.site/DTI-Carriage-Wiki-e10ea27fa06f4cbbb3fcd57873d331e6).

Want to run this locally? From our [Useful Commands page](https://dti-carriage.notion.site/Useful-Commands-b20422d052b444d396b04a6df4debc07).
After cloning the repository, run:
`npm run install:server`
`npm run install:frontend`
`npm run start:server`
`npm run start:frontend`
This will start an instance running locally.

## About

If you have a disability that prevents you from walking around campus, getting around can be difficult. This is a **Web** app that helps dispatchers of Cornell's CULift to schedule, edit, and manage all CULift and RedRunner rides.

The **Rider App** branch can be found [here](https://github.com/cornell-dti/carriage-rider). The **Driver App** branch can be found [here](https://github.com/cornell-dti/carriage-driver).

## Contributors:

**Current Contributors**

- Harrison Chin - Software Developer
- Andrew Choi - Product Manager
- Rohit Valiveti - Software Developer
- Pratyush Sudhakar - Technical Project Manager
- Enoch Chen - Software Developer
- Desmond Atikpui - Software Developer
- Stuti Gupta - Software Developer
- Kevin Lin - Software Developer
- Colin Wu - Software Developer

**Past Contributors**

- Daniel Wei - Technical Project Manager
- Bryan Graeser - Product Manager
- Nina Xie - Product Manager
- Matthew Guo - Technical Project Manager
- Aaron Kang - Software Developer
- Zack Ashen - Software Developer
- Tucker Stanley - Software Developer
- Justin Kang - Software Developer
- Michael Torku - Technical Project Manager
- Austin Wu - Software Developer
- Li Fengyu - Software Developer
- Sam Steinberg - Product Manager
- Laura Sizemore - Technical Project Manager, Software Developer
- Christopher Hansen - Technical Project Manager
- Jessica Chen - Software Developer
- Bryan Graeser - Software Developer
- Matthew Guo - Software Developer
- Ishika Jain - Software Developer
- Lucy Wang - Software Developer
- Michael Ye - Software Developer
- Becky Hu - Software Developer
- Laura Sizemore - Software Developer
- Pinxuan Huang - Software Developer
- Jay Joo - Software Developer
- Simran Puri - Software Developer
- Aiden Kim - Designer
- Yisu Zheng - Designer
- Chelsea Wang - Designer
- Joanne Lee - Designer

Commit message:

Documentation Updates:
- Added JSdocs comments to the encryption and decryption functions.
- Updated the useful commands section in the README.md file.

README.md, after:

# Carriage

#### Contents

- [Carriage](#carriage) - [Contents](#contents)
  - [About](#about)
  - [Contributors:](#contributors)

## Docs

Carriage documentation is located at our [Notion](https://dti-carriage.notion.site/DTI-Carriage-Wiki-e10ea27fa06f4cbbb3fcd57873d331e6).

Want to run this locally? From our [Useful Commands page](https://dti-carriage.notion.site/Useful-Commands-b20422d052b444d396b04a6df4debc07).
After cloning the repository, run:
`npm run install:server`: It will install all dependencies for the backend. (Useful if you are only working on the backend).

`npm run install:frontend`: It will install all dependencies for the frontend. (Useful if you are only working on the frontend).

`npm run install`: It will install all dependencies for both the frontend and backend.

`npm run start:server`: It will start the backend server.

`npm run start:frontend`: It will start the frontend server.

`npm run start`: It will start both the backend and frontend servers.

`npm run test:server`: It will run all tests for the backend.

`npm run test:frontend`: It will run all tests for the frontend.

`npm run test`: It will run all tests for both the backend and frontend.

## About

If you have a disability that prevents you from walking around campus, getting around can be difficult. This is a **Web** app that helps dispatchers of Cornell's CULift to schedule, edit, and manage all CULift and RedRunner rides.

The **Rider App** branch can be found [here](https://github.com/cornell-dti/carriage-rider). The **Driver App** branch can be found [here](https://github.com/cornell-dti/carriage-driver).

## Contributors:

**Current Contributors**

- Harrison Chin - Software Developer
- Andrew Choi - Product Manager
- Rohit Valiveti - Software Developer
- Pratyush Sudhakar - Technical Project Manager
- Enoch Chen - Software Developer
- Desmond Atikpui - Software Developer
- Stuti Gupta - Software Developer
- Kevin Lin - Software Developer
- Colin Wu - Software Developer

**Past Contributors**

- Daniel Wei - Technical Project Manager
- Bryan Graeser - Product Manager
- Nina Xie - Product Manager
- Matthew Guo - Technical Project Manager
- Aaron Kang - Software Developer
- Zack Ashen - Software Developer
- Tucker Stanley - Software Developer
- Justin Kang - Software Developer
- Michael Torku - Technical Project Manager
- Austin Wu - Software Developer
- Li Fengyu - Software Developer
- Sam Steinberg - Product Manager
- Laura Sizemore - Technical Project Manager, Software Developer
- Christopher Hansen - Technical Project Manager
- Jessica Chen - Software Developer
- Bryan Graeser - Software Developer
- Matthew Guo - Software Developer
- Ishika Jain - Software Developer
- Lucy Wang - Software Developer
- Michael Ye - Software Developer
- Becky Hu - Software Developer
- Laura Sizemore - Software Developer
- Pinxuan Huang - Software Developer
- Jay Joo - Software Developer
- Simran Puri - Software Developer
- Aiden Kim - Designer
- Yisu Zheng - Designer
- Chelsea Wang - Designer
- Joanne Lee - Designer
